credentials-email (#184)
crazyantlabs/sftptogo-docs: docs/getting-started/organization-settings.md

SFTP To Go allows several authentication methods, which are ways to identify the client when they are logging into the server:

> * Magic Code - Identification based on username and unique, six character long, one-time-use codes, sent to the email address associated with the username. This form of authentication is only supported by the web portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Magic Code - identification based on username and a unique, six character one-time-use code sent to the email address associated with the username. This form of authentication is only supported by the web portal.
```
